<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>index</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    code{white-space: pre-wrap;}
    span.smallcaps{font-variant: small-caps;}
    span.underline{text-decoration: underline;}
    div.column{display: inline-block; vertical-align: top; width: 50%;}
    div.hanging-indent{margin-left: 1.5em; text-indent: -1.5em;}
    ul.task-list{list-style: none;}
    .display.math{display: block; text-align: center; margin: 0.5rem auto;}
  </style>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/home/evan/Documents/website/style.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="nav">
<ul>
<li>
<a href="../index/index.xhtml">index</a>
</li>
<li>
<a href="../log/log.xhtml">log</a>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div id="header">
<h1 class="title">index</h1>
</div>
<div id="TOC">
<ul>
<li><a href="#about">about</a></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h1 id="about">about</h1>
<p>This website is written in markdown, and converted to <em>HTML</em> via <a href="https://pandoc.org/">pandoc</a>. I’m not sure what I’ll even use this site for, but here are a few ideas:</p>
<ul>
<li>Clown rental service</li>
<li>Give to Jeff Bezos for use as a personal blog</li>
<li>Nothing</li>
</ul>
<p>You might doubt the fact that I know famous human rights activist Jeff Bezos, but here’s a quote from a real conversation I had with him.</p>
<blockquote>
<p>“I, Jeff Bezos, could really use a blog! I have so much to say about the injustice in this world; I want to be a voice for the people. Also, I have some really tasty recipes.”</p>
</blockquote>
<h2 id="log">log</h2>
<p>The blog section of this site is somewhat misleading. It’s more so a catalog of writing in no particular order. That being said, I figured it would be most aptly described as a weblog, as long as your expectations are low.</p>
<h2 id="layout">layout</h2>
<p>The layout of the site is fairly simplistic, but I’ll go over it here. There are broad sections split into different pages, and sections within those. Those sections can have subsections, but I digress. The website’s broad pages can navigated via the bar at the top of the site, and you can go to specific sections of each page (such as individual posts) with the table of contents navbar below the page’s title. This is all self explanatory, so I might remove this at a later date.</p>
</body>
</html>
